I've gone ahead and done a little tweaking to the animation I've kind of slowed him down as he's coming
down through the ceiling here and let me play it.
So he comes down and then he kind of hovers and then he kind of dips as he moves forward and then he
drops.
So that's what I've got so far and really it was just a matter of adjusting the curves.
Tweaking the handles of each of the keys.
At this point I think what I'd like to do is work on the rotation of him as he's coming down moving
forward etc. I think I'd like him to come down pretty much straight up and down the way it is.
But then as he begins to move forward I'd like him to kind of rotate forward as if the thrusters are
kind of pushing him forward.
And then as he comes to a stop I'd like him to rotate back a bit.
So let's see if we can get that.
I'll go back to the beginning here and I'm going to kind of turn like this just so I can see him a little
bit better now.
Hit play and I think so as he comes down I think this is OK but right here right here I'd like him to
kind of roll forward just a bit.
So he comes down.
And then right here.
Let's see if I can get him to roll forward just a bit.
So I got in my rotation tool and I've still got autokey on.
So before I begin a movement like this I've got a key the beginning state.
In other words I need to key it say here like this or I'll hit.
And for this I'll choose rotation.
Now that's going to hold that position from the beginning here.
Now if I move forward a bit
go right here to frame 100 and I roll it forward some
vs Now go back to the beginning.
And so notice it's going to it's going to hold that upright position and then it'll turn and move forward
like that.
OK.
And notice too that even after he tilts forward he'll move back up because at that he'll move back upright
because at this keyframe we've got KEYES I believe for rotation here.
So let's play this again and see how this looks.
I think it kind of jerks forward a little bit too quickly.
I want this to be pretty smooth.
So let me take a look at the dope sheet here.
If I scroll this down with the master control we can see that we've got rotation here.
And notice I've got rotation over here so these are the keys that are driving it back upright.
So by the time we get to hear these keys are telling it to be upright.
So what I can do is for these keys here let me just check these so for these four I can delete these
keys here.
Let's try this.
So I'm going to delete these keys and let's see if he turns back up again.
He does but only because these are here too.
So let me get rid of these.
There we go.
All right so let's play it again.
He's going to come down rotate forward and he should stay rotated.
Yeah.
OK that's good because I want control over when he rotates back up right.
All right.
So I did say however that I thought the rotation was a little jerky here that it kind of moved too quickly.
So I'm working with the X on this so for the X right here let me move this back some like so let's see
how this works.
I like that a little bit better.
I'm going to move that forward just a little bit more and play that again.
Yeah it looks like that the turn is part of the moving forward.
Actually I'm going to take this and I'm going to move it forward just a couple more frames and see how
that works.
OK.
So now he's got to turn back upright.
So right in here I think as he comes up he's coming up just a bit I think right in here I'd like him
to turn back upright.
So if I want him to begin that at this point I've got to keep it here to hold that position from here
to this point.
So all I'm going to do is just take that keyframe and duplicate it and move it over to that point.
Now that's going to hold that position now and move forward a bit here.
And that's say at 165 that's where he's going to come back upright and do that.
Let me just bring out my properties panel and in the rotation.
Ax here.
There is I think I'll take this back to zero like that.
OK.
So I'll hit in to close that.
And let's take a look at this.
He drops down rotates forward just a bit.
And I think that's a little too quick.
That's not quite organic enough.
Well now that I play it again let me see.
I feel like it's still a little too quick.
Let me take this keyframe and move it back closer to here to give it more time to turn and I'll play
that
yeah.
That works a little a little better I think.
All right well the next thing I'd like to figure out is what he looks like how he's positioned as he's
coming down into the scene.
His arms and legs are just kind of the default positions.
I feel like he should have a little bit more dynamic pose.
So what I'm going to do is come back up to his beginning position here and I'll zoom in to him with
the period key and I've got to figure out something where he looks a little bit more interesting than
just this particular default pose.
I'm going to start with the hands here and I'll just hit G and kind of move him up a bit.
One thing I'm trying to do is make sure that I'm not doing the same exact thing on both sides of the
character.
I want him to be kind of asymmetrical in his poses.
And for the fingers I'll deal with those on a last pass when the animation is pretty much all done.
That kind of detail I'll save till the end.
All right.
Let's take a look at them with this pose.
I'll hit the zero key just to get back to the camera view.
And let's see
right.
That doesn't look too bad actually.
He's going to need a new pose as he tilts forward.
I think so if he comes down in this position then right about here he's going to have to change a bit
and move his feet move his arms and then to a new position here.
So let's see he's going to need to hold this position.
Tell about right here.
So I need to take all of these keyframes and move those so I'll hit the big key to border select all
of these.
So this is the arm and elbow and foot and the controls that I moved around.
One thing I probably should do is establish a key frame for the other knee.
Up front here.
So why don't I go back to frame one and let's zoom in and just so I have that beginning keyframe So
I've got one for the left leg.
I'm just going to take this knee control and just tweak it just a hair.
So I get an extra keyframe there so I get that keyframe.
Now let's go back to the camera view.
Play it.
And I think he needs to come down and right about here is where
those key frames should be copied to.
So I'll select them shifty to duplicate and I'll drag the mouse forward to what is at frame 80 and we
go.
So that position will hold up to that point.
Let's see what he should do now.
If he drops down
on like this and then move forward.
OK so he as he comes down he should probably write about here one to those keyframes back
to 75.
And then as he comes back up like this to this point these feet I think should come down a bit because
they're kind of kind of kind of dragged down so that secondary action of when the Met comes down and
comes back up.
Those feet will kind of drag or follow.
So at this point move these down just a hair like so
see how that works.
So he is going to come down and those feet are going to kind of relax a bit like that.
And they may even rotate a bit.
Seeing
so to change the start and end time here just because I want to play through it.
Let's do it to let's say 50 from 50 to well let's see about 130.
So I can kind of loop it at that from 50 to 130.
So I will play.
All right.
It's not bad but I think those legs should come back as they come down.
Take him back.
Just bet
that.
Let's try that.
Were all too much too quick I think me and you
when we go to try that again.
I'm going to switch to global mode here so I can pull these straight back just a hair.
So
that's a little better.
All right.
I think also I want to rotate the foot just a little
like that.
I'm going to go with that for now.
I think there's more tweaking to be done there.